" I ca n't buy this story ."
" European children learn the breast stroke ; they often do n't know how to crawl ."
" He shed his image as a pushy boss ."
" She devoured his novels ."
" Age and experience mellowed him over the years ."
" He communicated his anxieties to the psychiatrist ."
" I 'll ping my accountant -- April 15 is nearing ."
" harmonize one 's goals with one 's abilities ."
" The new teacher tends to steamroller ."
" He sifted the information ."
" square the wood with a file ."
" This hotel can accommodate 250 guests ."
" The tugboat tugged the freighter into the harbor ."
" The immigrants were quickly absorbed into society ."
" A star tops the Christmas Tree ."
" The tanker fueled in Bahrain ."
" a terrible stench saluted our nostrils ."
" The tax cut will boost the economy ."
" The horse was galloping along ."
" She was wearing yellow that day ."
" ping your machine in the office ."
" earthquakes convulsed the countryside ."
" letters trenched into the stone ."
" The fishermen tied their flies ."
" The pirates raided the coastal villages regularly ."
" His heart palpitated ."
" mount slides for macroscopic analysis ."
" This job does n't match my dreams ."
" the pig was rooting for truffles ."
" deflate the currency ."
" The beams scanned the night sky ."
" The conversation gravitated towards politics ."
" the conversation lightened me up a bit ."
" We exploded the nuclear bomb ."
" The wind ruffled the surface of the water ."
" They poured water over the floor ."
" inflate the currency ."
" She splashed the water around her ."
" His lack of interest in the project reflects badly on him ."
" he buzzed the servant ."
" The music swelled to a crescendo ."
" stock prices are drifting higher ."
" The therapist noticed that the patient 's knees tended to lock in this exercise ."
" I heard him volley a string of curses ."
" tack the notice on the board ."
" The candidate ripped into his opponent mercilessly ."
" The car crushed the toy ."
" She was staggered with bills after she tried to rebuild her house following the earthquake ."
" This dress spots quickly ."
" Hitler attacked Poland on September 1 , 1939 and started World War II ."
" The salesman is aggressively pushing the new computer model ."
" mount a theater production ."
" Fame redounds to the heroes ."
" the kettle was singing ."
" The latest intelligence is flashed to all command posts ."
" The sun melted the ice ."
" The Turks erased the Armenians in 1915 ."
" This vaccine will guard you against infection ."
" The swollen river flooded the village ."
" This story would lend itself well to serialization on television ."
" These big jets are tied to large airports ."
" The leaves clog our drains in the Fall ."
" The hiker negociated the high mountain pass ."
" He tacked together some verses ."
" Water leaked out of the can into the backpack ."
" The author recaptures an old idea here ."
" paste the sign on the wall ."
" I attacked the problem as soon as I got out of bed ."
" grind the spices in a mortar ."
" fuel the debate on creationism ."
" She radiates happiness ."
" We must acknowledge the kindness she showed towards us ."
" A weather vane crowns the building ."
" She had to juggle her job and her children ."
" lined books are more enduring ."
" The children wrestled in the garden ."
" pin the needle to the shirt ."
" load the bags onto the trucks ."
" The French try to sell us their image as great lovers ."
" He painted his mistress many times ."
" form the young child 's character ."
" We injected the glucose into the patient 's vein ."
" a man whose name is permanently stamped on our maps ."
" We have n't even begun to map the many galaxies that we know exist ."
" The actress abused the policeman who gave her a parking ticket ."
" She pumped the witnesses for information ."
" She whistled for her maid ."
" The river thundered below ."
" She could not recapture that feeling of happiness ."
" We do n't know the woman who posed for Leonardo so often ."
" The rooms communicated ."
" She leaned over the banister ."
" The brothers sell shoes ."
" They bind their books in leather ."
" The dancer floated across the stage ."
" She drowned her trouble in alcohol ."
" the infection spread ."
" the workers spell every four hours ."
" She wanted to ruffle his composure ."
" trace the outline of a figure in the sand ."
" These events could fracture the balance of power ."
" Industry will stagnate if we do not stimulate our economy ."
" The cat scraped at the armchair ."
" The doctors revived the comatose man ."
" smother the meat in gravy ."
" The news were leaked to the paper ."
" The cold air condensed the steam ."
" Some nice results emerged from the study ."
" The press photographers besieged the movie star ."
" drift the boats downstream ."
" The debate sharpened ."
" Her optimism neutralizes his gloom ."
" reform a political system ."
" He kited many checks ."
" spot the areas that one should clearly identify ."
" The mess in his dorm room reflects on the student ."
" Goya wanted to portray his mistress , the Duchess of Alba ."
" Sound is reflected well in this auditorium ."
" He absorbed the costs for the accident ."
" They hunted the unwanted immigrants out of the neighborhood ."
" The Senator blistered the administration in his speech on Friday ."
" lay the books on the table ."
" A shooting star flashed and was gone ."
" heap firewood around the fireplace ."
" Her faced puffed up from the drugs ."
" There will be men guarding the horses ."
" The pilot kited for a long time over the mountains ."
" Her husband poisoned her drink in order to kill her ."
" The professor plunged his students into the study of the Italian text ."
" The police smashed the drug ring after they were tipped off ."
" engrave the pen with the owner 's name ."
" The gun kicked back into my shoulder ."
" These books sell like hot cakes ."
" The new measures deflated the economy ."
" The company matched the employees ' contributions ."
" We rotate the lead soprano every night ."
" The smoke clouded above the houses ."
" fuel aircraft , ships , and cars ."
" This exercise will hurt your back ."
" The rubber ball bounced ."
" She grabbed the child 's hand and ran out of the room ."
" map the surface of Venus ."
" We sailed the Atlantic ."
" I can not digest all this information ."
" Every summer , we visited our relatives in the country for a month ."
" The huge waves swallowed the small boat and it sank shortly thereafter ."
" The balloons deflated ."
" Let them match their best athletes against ours ."
" The government relaxed the curfew after most of the rebels were caught ."
" Meteors blazed across the atmosphere ."
" The architect decided to stagger the chairs in the lecture hall ."
" load the truck with hay ."
" The crocodile was crawling along the riverbed ."
" The Japanese marched their prisoners through Manchuria ."
" Her feelings condensed ."
" The heavy rain guttered the soil ."
" Fear clogged her mind ."
" Our new synthetic fabric breathes and is perfect for summer wear ."
" The new chairman inherited many problems from the previous chair ."
" The container leaked gasoline ."
" The singer had to be boosted onto the stage by a special contraption ."
" paste the sign on the wall ."
" dashed ambitions and hopes ."
" Did you ever climb up the hill behind your house ?"
" I inherited my good eyesight from my mother ."
" The water swells the wood ."
" The critic snorted contemptuously ."
" The enemy exploded the bridge ."
" Her efforts will redound to the general good ."
" She talks a lot of nonsense ."
" She was singing while she was cooking ."
" The driver jammed the brake pedal to the floor ."
" His laughter infects everyone who is in the same room ."
" The bicycle looped around the tree ."
" the bullet pinged when they struck the car ."
" I can breathe better when the air is clean ."
" Chanel designed the famous suit ."
" one idea squares with the other one ."
" T. Boone Pickens raided many large companies ."
" They began to volley the tennis ball ."
" The rules relaxed after the new director arrived ."
" Middle age dulled her appetite for travel ."
" The cancer cells are attacking his liver ."
" Her interest in butterflies absorbs her completely ."
" Shake the salt out of the salt shaker ."
" Hundreds of actors were melting into the scene ."
" blue paint dashed with white ."
" The defendant answered to all the charges of the prosecution ."
" Life in the camp drained him ."
" The book portrays the actor as a selfish person ."
" We can compare the Han dynasty to the Romans ."
" The vessel was shipwrecked ."
" he devoured three sandwiches ."
" They mounted the aerator on a floating ."
" crush an aluminum can ."
" The plastic bottle crushed against the wall ."
" stamp fruit extract the juice ."
" The needle pricked his skin ."
" bees were buzzing around the hive ."
" Sales were climbing after prices were lowered ."
" The cord is all twisted ."
" the surgeon scanned the X - ray ."
" The furniture molded in the old house ."
" wallow in your success !"
" their manes streamed like stiff black pennants in the wind ."
" The critics puffed up this Broadway production ."
" The press was gagged ."
" Please erase the formula on the blackboard -- it is wrong !"
" The sales clerk quickly seized the money on the counter ."
" Actions talk louder than words ."
" Are the letters properly stamped ?"
" The unknown young man drifted among the invited guests ."
" Do n't bolt your food !"
" The scream pierced the night ."
" The champagne bottle exploded ."
" The path ascended to the top of the hill ."
" The needle pierced her flesh ."
" She had to recast her image to please the electorate in her home state ."
" sorrow was mapped on the mother 's face ."
" The guy hanging around the school is pushing drugs ."
" Boost the voltage in an electrical circuit ."
" We preserve these archeological findings ."
" The tornado ripped along the coast ."
" The property vests in the trustees ."
" Our basement flooded during the heavy rains ."
" "" Now push hard "" , said the doctor to the woman ."
" He loaded his gun carefully ."
" He bowed before the King ."
" They scraped a letter into the stone ."
" The crowd pushed forward ."
" the government digested the entire law into a code ."
" male birds tread the females ."
" We interrupt the program for the following messages ."
" They tied their victim to the chair ."
" The sudden fame puffed her ego ."
" the invaders seized the land and property of the inhabitants ."
" she snorted her disapproval of the proposed bridegroom ."
" She tugged for years to make a decent living ."
" her resistance melted under his charm ."
" The girl glared at the man who tried to make a pass at her ."
" The Republicans are floating the idea of a tax reform ."
" The bird landed on the highest branch ."
" Inheritance may not ascend linearly ."
" The liberal party pushed for reforms ."
" acknowledge the deed ."
" He always wears a smile ."
" The hikers topped the mountain just before noon ."
" wear one 's hair in a certain way ."
" our new colleague relaxed when he saw that we were a friendly group ."
" She scanned the newspaper headlines while waiting for the taxi ."
" She splashed the water around her ."
" The addict was snorting cocaine almost every day ."
" Tears streamed down her face ."
" The muscles in her face convulsed ."
" she lightened the load on the tired donkey ."
" The bus thundered down the road ."
" Water flowed into the cave ."
" spray the wall with paint ."
" The passenger grabbed for the oxygen mask ."
" The vestiges of political democracy were soon uprooted ."
" The fate of Bosnia lies in the hands of the West ."
" How do you spell this word ?"
" This boss abuses his workers ."
" There are marshes that stagnate the waters ."
" This office is buzzing with activity ."
" The child colored the drawings ."
" The war uprooted many people ."
" Age had dulled the surface ."
" She was crushed by his refusal of her invitation ."
" juggle an account so as to hide a deficit ."
" The mother drinks in every word of her son on the stage ."
" The garbage flushed down the river ."
" One can never fully repair the suffering and losses of the Jews in the Third Reich ."
" stuff a pillow with feathers ."
" the player juggled the ball ."
" The horse finally tugged the cart out of the mud ."
" horses were clogged until they were tamed ."
" They tried to recapture the escaped prisoner ."
" The drug smugglers landed the heroin on the beach of the island ."
" Goering often hunted wild boars in Poland ."
" The Serbs attacked the village at night ."
" I will lend you my car ."
" this may land you in jail ."
" The prince was crowned in Westminster Abbey ."
" My son drifted around for years in California before going to law school ."
" Some people can down a pound of meat in the course of one meal ."
" A hot bath always relaxes me ."
" Please guard my possessions while I 'm away ."
" He swallowed his words ."
" Suddenly , the proprietor emerged from his office ."
" The locks pound the water of the canal ."
" commit a random act of kindness ."
" It can transform energy to light ."
" She was streaming with sweat ."
" Will this wallpaper adhere to the wall ?"
" Boys gravitate towards girls at that age ."
" My nose is all stuffed ."
" mount a campaign against pornography ."
" She vested her vast fortune in her two sons ."
" The event engraved itself into her memory ."
" His political ideas color his lectures ."
" The stunt pilot looped his plane ."
" sow suspicion or beliefs ."
" answer the telephone ."
" Have you stuffed the turkey yet ?"
" Her face glowed when she came out of the sauna ."
" They plan to uproot the vine that has spread all over the garden ."
" heap the platter with potatoes ."
" Interest in ESP revived ."
" I inherited a castle from my French grandparents ."
" He locked his hands around her neck ."
" You are taxing my patience ."
" Curl my hair , please ."
" Our business was hurt by the new competition ."
" They computerized the car industry ."
" The athlete pumps weights in the gym ."
" This writer really fractures the language ."
" the rebels had salted the fields with mines and traps ."
" Marsh gases ignited suddenly ."
" The Senator steamrollered the bill to defeat ."
" build a defense on nothing but the accused person 's reputation ."
" her indifference to his amorous advances really steamed the young man ."
" The cigar smoke curled up at the ceiling ."
" This car does not compare with our line of Mercedes ."
" The prisoners are safely pounded ."
" We had to sharpen our arguments ."
" The liquid fills the container ."
" The current boom in the economy sucked many workers in from abroad ."
" The bellies of the starving children are swelling ."
" Do n't twist my words ."
" The nightingale was singing ."
" The bell cracked and had to be recast ."
" The exercise class drains me of energy ."
" after a glass of wine , he lightened up a bit ."
" She interrupted her pregnancy ."
" They taxed him failure to appear in court ."
" The bird ruffled its feathers ."
" Many people immigrated at the beginning of the 20th century ."
" She is pushing fifty ."
" The cooling lava continued to gutter toward lower ground ."
" Great heat can ignite almost any dry matter ."
" The ground levelled off ."
" She inclined her head to the student ."
" He fastened the lock onto the door ."
" spread cheese on a piece of bread ."
" He injected new life into the performance ."
" the stock market plunged ."
" Protein digests in a few hours ."
" Make the people 's hearts glow ."
" The summer sun alone can cause a pine to blaze ."
" Every summer , we visited our relatives in the country for a month ."
" The soldiers sifted through the woods ."
" Thunderbolts can stampede animals ."
" The roofer began to gutter the buildings ."
" The patient must drink several liters each day ."
" She whistled a melody ."
" The war inflated the economy ."
" A rash erupted on her arms after she had touched the exotic plant ."
" She smashed her car against the guard rail ."
" She nags her husband all day long ."
" The ex - boxer 's job is to bounce people who want to enter this private club ."
" Congress condensed the three - year plan into a six - month plan ."
" Suspense was building right from the beginning of the opera ."
" lay a responsibility on someone ."
" preserve the peace in the family ."
" Our economy precipitated into complete ruin ."
" The wax melted in the sun ."
" steamroller the opposition ."
" He pasted his opponent ."
" The Chinese would bind the feet of their women ."
" the sky flushed with rosy splendor ."
" The bad review of his work deflated his self - confidence ."
" The crisis precipitated by Russia 's revolution ."
" The government is building new schools in this state ."
" The policeman downed the heavily armed suspect ."
" The heat scorched the countryside ."
" These apples need to mellow a bit more ."
" Fire had devoured our home ."
" I salute your courage !"
" The bridge broke and precipitated the train into the river below ."
" He was locked in a laughing fit ."
" grind lenses for glasses and cameras ."
" We ascended the mountain ."
" The wildfire scorched the forest and several homes ."
" The bullets whistled past him ."
" He pumped bullets into the dummy ."
" The treaty neutralized the small republic ."
" the theater was jampacked ."
" deflate the air mattress ."
" This new colleague invades my territory ."
" relax the tension on the rope ."
" The old man was nodding in his chair ."
" She molded the rice balls carefully ."
" people used to salt meats on ships ."
" He trenched his military camp ."
" Every star seemed to flare with new intensity ."
" The ex - slave tasted freedom shortly before she died ."
" The comedian convulsed the crowd ."
" Who erased the files form my hard disk ?"
" The fog blurs my vision ."
" He never acknowledges his colleagues when they run into him in the hallway ."
" Companies will now stampede to release their latest software ."
" She neutralized the solution ."
" A big oil spot spread across the water ."
" They topped off their dinner with a cognac ."
" He absorbed the knowledge or beliefs of his tribe ."
" The coals were glowing in the dark ."
" The champagne flowed at the wedding ."
" He floated the logs down the river ."
" People were pouring out of the theater ."
" You have shipwrecked my career ."
" She captured all the men 's hearts ."
" The baby talks already ."
" The bird flapped its wings ."
" The residents of this village adhered to Catholicism ."
" Her husband often abuses alcohol ."
" She stuffed herself at the dinner ."
" sorrow had lined his face ."
" The haze blurs the hills ."
" The charges were inflated ."
" Drive carefully -- the wet road reflects ."
" the meat was swimming in a fatty gravy ."
" The police raided the crack house ."
" He and his sons have n't communicated for years ."
" The wine spotted the tablecloth ."
" The Crown Prince was acknowledged as the true heir to the throne ."
" The bad news shook her hopes ."
" The father is portrayed as a good - looking man in this painting ."
" Their faces were clouded with sadness ."
" You have ruined my car by pouring sugar in the tank !"
" This story will grab you ."
" The bugs pinged the lamp shade ."
" the flowers were nodding in the breeze ."
" The businessman kited millions of dollars ."
" She locked her jewels in the safe ."
" this snake swims through the soil where it lives ."
" When does the court of law sit ?"
" The stock market drifted upward ."
" The principal visited his rage on the students ."
" The prisoner tugged at the chains ."
" This rare Bordeaux must be allowed to breathe for at least 2 hours ."
" communicate a disease ."
" The two pieces match ."
" She shed a lot of tears when this happened ."
" He dashed the plate against the wall ."
" The steering of my new car answers to the slightest touch ."
" Meteors showered down over half of Australia ."
" They were locked in embrace ."
" These architects build in interesting and new styles ."
" The old cheese was crawling with maggots ."
" The company dumped him after many years of service ."
" flood the market with tennis shoes ."
" suck the poison from the place where the snake bit ."
" The stroke clouded memories of her youth ."
" key one 's actions to the voters ' prevailing attitude ."
" engraved the trophy cupt with the winner 's ."
" The spasm convulses her facial muscles ."
" The government floated the ruble for a few months ."
" trench the fallen soldiers ."
" The mountain was splashed with snow ."
" The program committee acknowledged the submission of the authors of the paper ."
" Islam is fermenting Africa ."
" The new moon peeped through the tree tops ."
" The White House sits on Pennsylvania Avenue ."
" The seamstress ruffled the curtain fabric ."
" He squared his shoulders ."
" snow drifting several feet high ."
" Fear seized the prisoners ."
" He heaped him with work ."
" I swallowed my anger and kept quiet ."
" She swallowed the last words of her speech ."
" This drug will sharpen your vision ."
" The problem roots in her depression ."
" the mechanism jammed ."
" This dress fastens in the back ."
" Do n't abuse the system ."
" The politician clawed his rival ."
" The motorcycle smashed into the guard rail ."
" This action reflects his true beliefs ."
" The Nazis swallowed the Baltic countries ."
" The question concerning the meaning of life can not be answered ."
" the butter cream smothered the cake ."
" Our office is fully computerized now ."
" He breathed new life into the old house ."
" The sun radiates heat ."
" The thought of her unhappiness pricked his conscience ."
" The military forces managed to recapture the fort ."
" He transformed into a monster ."
" I can not digest milk products ."
" Beethoven composed nine symphonies ."
" The nurse pricked my finger to get a small blood sample ."
" The chemical clouded the liquid to which it was added ."
" All our planets condensed out of the same material ."
" The boss exploded when he heard of the resignation of the secretary ."
" negociate securities ."
" this plant roots quickly ."
" the salesman pounded the door knocker ."
" her sunglasses reflected his image ."
" The government bowed to the military pressure ."
" This sum will buy you a ride on the train ."
" The room lightened up ."
" He pushed the table into a corner ."
" The hunters traced the deer into the woods ."
" The distinction between the two theories blurred ."
" Greed and ambition composed his personality ."
" The child drowned in the lake ."
" The hydrogen binds the oxygen ."
" He downed three martinis before dinner ."
" The sailors decided to tack the boat ."
" He wrestled all his life with his feeling of inferiority ."
" The parties negociated all night ."
" We painted the rooms yellow ."
" Her optimism whistled away these worries ."
" the water formed little beads ."
" The wrestler twisted his shoulder ."
" flush the wound with antibiotics ."
" She sowed sunflower seeds ."
